LS1
small1.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small10.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small11.in      4          4          ✅ Match
small12.in      3          3          ✅ Match
small13.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small14.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small15.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small16.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small17.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small18.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small2.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small3.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small4.in       4          4          ✅ Match
small5.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small6.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small7.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small8.in       2          2          ✅ Match
small9.in       3          3          ✅ Match

Instance        Optimal    Found      Status
large1.in       50         50         ✅ Match
large10.in      221        316        ⚠️ Off by 95
large11.in      40         56         ⚠️ Off by 16
large12.in      15         18         ⚠️ Off by 3
large2.in       19         20         ⚠️ Off by 1
large3.in       15         17         ⚠️ Off by 2
large4.in       91         152        ⚠️ Off by 61
large5.in       6          8          ⚠️ Off by 2
large6.in       6          7          ⚠️ Off by 1
large7.in       95         171        ⚠️ Off by 76
large8.in       5          6          ⚠️ Off by 1
large9.in       14         16         ⚠️ Off by 2
--------------------------------------------------
LS2
Summary:
Instance        Optimal    Found      Status
small1.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small10.in      2          3          ⚠️ Off by 1
small11.in      4          4          ✅ Match
small12.in      3          4          ⚠️ Off by 1
small13.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small14.in      2          2          ✅ Match
small15.in      2          3          ⚠️ Off by 1
small16.in      2          3          ⚠️ Off by 1
small17.in      2          3          ⚠️ Off by 1
small18.in      2          3          ⚠️ Off by 1
small2.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small3.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small4.in       4          4          ✅ Match
small5.in       5          5          ✅ Match
small6.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small7.in       3          3          ✅ Match
small8.in       2          2          ✅ Match
small9.in       3          4          ⚠️ Off by 1

large1.in       50         50         ✅ Match
large10.in      221        316        ⚠️ Off by 95
large11.in      40         56         ⚠️ Off by 16
large12.in      15         18         ⚠️ Off by 3
large2.in       19         20         ⚠️ Off by 1
large3.in       15         17         ⚠️ Off by 2
large4.in       91         152        ⚠️ Off by 61
large5.in       6          8          ⚠️ Off by 2
large6.in       6          7          ⚠️ Off by 1
large7.in       95         171        ⚠️ Off by 76
large8.in       5          6          ⚠️ Off by 1
large9.in       14         16         ⚠️ Off by 2

